Does stage 2 of the Olympia Wonder (Day side) let me also construct the first Black card in my City for free?
Yes. Cities cards are Black Age cards, therefore they are a new color that you can construct in your City.

Can I voluntarily take a Debt?
No. Only cards that make you lose Coins can cause you to take a Debt.

On the same turn, can I use Coins that another player paid me to cover an effect that would make me lose Coins?
Yes. Losing Coins always happens after gaining Coins.

In a 3-player game, two players have a Diplomacy token. What happens during the Resolution of Conflicts?
The third player doesn’t gain any Military Victory or Defeat tokens since there was no opponent for the Conflict.

During a team game, two players who have to face each other both have a Diplomacy token. What happens during the Resolution of Conflicts?
Neither player takes any token for this Conflict.

Does Hatshepsut give you 1 Coin when you buy a resource for 0 Coins (for example, using the East Trading Post and the East Clandestine Wharf)?
Yes. Even though the transaction was free, it is still considered to be a purchase, therefore Hatshepsut gives you 1 Coin.

Does the Mask science symbol in the Cities expansion let you copy the Majority science symbol in the Armada expansion?
The Mask and Majority science symbols are not considered to be full science symbols, so a Mask cannot copy a Majority science symbol.

Can I resolve two Military Conflicts against a single player in an Age?
No. There can only be a single Military Conflict between the same two players each Age.

What is the order of resolution between the Leader Solomon, Halicarnassus, Carthage, The Great Wall, and Manneken Pis, and the Forging Agency that let you construct a card from the discard for free, if they are played on the same turn?
If multiple players must activate this effect on the same turn, follow the resolution order below:
1. The Leader Solomon
2. The Wonder Halicarnassus
3. The Wonder Carthage
4. The Wonder The Great Wall
5. The Wonder Manneken Pis
6. The Forging Agency
