Do my Leader powers stack?
Yes, and the Leader powers are active in every Age (except single-use powers).

Does stage 1 of the Olympia Wonder (Night side) let me recruit a Leader for free?
No, this power only applies to Age card Buildings.

When I construct stages 2 and 3 of the Rome Wonder (Night side), can I recruit a Leader with Coins I gained at the start of the turn?
Yes. During recruitment, all of your Coins can be spent to pay the recruitment cost.

Does Hatshepsut give you 1 Coin when you buy a resource for 0 Coins (for example, using the East Trading Post and the East Clandestine Wharf)?
Yes. Even though the transaction was free, it is still considered to be a purchase, therefore Hatshepsut gives you 1 Coin.

Does stage 2 of the Olympia Wonder (Day side) let you construct a Leader card for free?
No. The “first Age card” means that Leaders are not included, only Age cards (Buildings).

Can I use Coins I gained during my turn to construct on the same turn?
No. All Coins gained on your turn can only be used starting on your next turn.

Can I combine the effects of Hatshepsut and Berenice?
Yes, the effects of these two Leaders can be combined, but only for one of your neighbors.

Is it possible to choose a Leader card in the discard with the effect of Halicarnassus, Solomon, etc.?
No, this effect only lets you choose Age cards from the discard.

Can I resolve two Military Conflicts against a single player in an Age?
No. There can only be a single Military Conflict between the same two players each Age.

If the Leaders Telesilla and Nitocris are recruited on the same turn, can the Military Victory token gained by Nitocris this turn be destroyed by Telesilla?
Yes, since you always gain before losing.

Does the effect of the Leader Berenice apply to Edifice Rewards?
Yes.

What is the order of resolution between the Leader Solomon, Halicarnassus, Carthage, The Great Wall, and Manneken Pis, and the Forging Agency that let you construct a card from the discard for free, if they are played on the same turn?
If multiple players must activate this effect on the same turn, follow the resolution order below:
1. The Leader Solomon
2. The Wonder Halicarnassus
3. The Wonder Carthage
4. The Wonder The Great Wall
5. The Wonder Manneken Pis
6. The Forging Agency
